Add cert-manager oidc proxy add-on README (#16)
mia-platform/distribution: addons/cert-manager/oidc-proxy-certificate/README.md

# Cert Manager for OIDC Proxy Certificate Add-on

> This add-on add support for Cert Manager Certificate resource for the OIDC Proxy certificate instead of
> relay on an autogenerated one.  
> To work properly it need both the Cert Manager and oidc-proxy module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This add-on adds support for Cert Manager Certificate resource for the OIDC Proxy certificate instead of
relying on an autogenerated one.  
To work properly it needs both the Cert Manager and oidc-proxy module.
```

## What the Add-On Contains

- **Patches:** patches for removing optionality of the tls certificate volume
- **Resources:** the certificate and local issuer for generating a valid TLS certificate for the OIDC Proxy endpoint

## Compatibility Matrix

| Add-On Version | Cert Manager Module Version | OIDC Proxy Module Version |
|----------------|-----------------------------|---------------------------|
| 1.0.0          | 1.14.0                      | 1.14.0                    |

## User customization

> No customization is needed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No customization is strictly needed. The module is ready-to-use in each of its flavors.
```

Reviewer: Let's use the same sentence in all the README files for consistency
